(a)
Computer is considered the most important invention of 20th century. The advent of computer completely shifted the way people live and work. In the meantime, computer became the major tool in scientific research and engineering design. It assists in almost every single scientific and engineering problems. As a PhD student in computational mechanics, I have the chance to appreciate how much computer could enhance research productivity if used in the right way. I believe it is essential for every engineer and scientist to know the way how computer works and how to make full use of it. 
Computer is a one-for-all tool in the modern world. It is the draft paper and calibrator to engineers, the stethoscope to doctors, the books to accountants and blackboard to teachers. Every single business is accelerated at a speed that people could never have imagined before. I believe that knowing how to properly use this tool will enable us to achieve what we could never have. 
(b)
For now I want to apply the skills in computer science in my own research. My current research involves an accurate modeling of surface phenomenon between thin film and self assembled monolayers. The thin film - SAM system is essential in many engineering applications, such as the manufacture of microelectronicmechanical systems, surface tailoring in chemical engineering, surface manipulation in bioengineering. In order to capture the behavior of the thin film - SAM interface, we need a comprehensive model that describes the material property, surface roughness, defects, wet/dry conditions, fracture behavior, etc. Tremendous computation is needed in this process. Thus a lower level programming language such as C++ and good programming practice are essential for success, because the code is heavily algorithmic, meaning that the computation time and associated post-processing can be the major factor that controls the progress.
Thus I hope that in this course I could have the chance to really learn the C++ language and in the meantime
