Overworked Interns
CS 241 Fall 2015
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Define
    Deadlock
        Response Here: No action.
    Livelock
        Response Here: action but no progress
    Starvation
        Response Here: some people keep doing stuff, some people just wait

What are the Coffman conditions? Define/describe them.
1)	mutual exclusion	
2)	circular wait
3)	hold and wait
4)	pre-emption

For each Coffman condition, describe one way to break only that condition
and no others in the COMPANY AND INTERN SCENARIO (Label what condition you are breaking).
1)	two companies can share an intern
2)	require that number of interns is larger than number of companies
3)	a company can grab the two interns at the same time
4)	some companies has a higher priority on grabbing interns over other companies.

For each of the following scenarios answer:
    Is this
        deadlock
        livelock
        starvation
        some of the above
        none of the above
    Explain

    Scenario 1: You are walking down the street and someone is getting in your way.
    You move in one direction to get out of their way, but they move in the same direction.
    You then switch, but they do the same. This repeats till the end of time.
        Response Here: livelock

    Scenario 2: You are a 241 TA eager to answer questions on piazza, but Jake Bailey gets to all of them first.
        Response Here: starvation

    Scenario 3: You tell your friend that you will write the latex for the 374 homework once he solves it.
    Your friend says that they will solve the problems as soon as you write the latex.
        Response Here:deadlock

Please run the simulation in the following ways and answer the respective questions:

    Experiment 1: Run the bad solution with 5 companies and 5 interns
        What happens?
            Response Here: The program stucks
        Why?
            Response Here: deadlock

    Experiment 2: Run the bad solution with 5 companies and 15 interns. Notice that it no longer deadlocks.
        Why is this (which of the Coffman Condition(s) did we break)?
            Response Here: Circular wait is broken.
        For N companies what is the minimum number of interns do you need to break the same condition(s)?
            Response Here: number of companies +1

    Experiment 3: Run the bad solution with 2 companies and 2 interns, then 20 companies and 20 interns several times each.
        Which deadlocks faster?
            Response Here: 2 companies and 2 interns	
        Why is that?
            Response Here: diff thread may be created at diff time, not exactly in the order of creation. So it could happen some threads actually get running, but due to the nature of the problem, deadlock will occur. 
